Adding a limitations section for each accelerator (#421)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/data-accelerators/duckdb.md

- Updating a dataset with DuckDB acceleration while the Spice Runtime is running (hot-reload) will cause DuckDB accelerator query federation to disable until the Runtime is restarted.

:::

:::warning[Memory Considerations]

> When accelerating a dataset some or all of the data will be put into memory. Ensure that you have enough memory for all of your datasets. Some overhead for the query engine will also be required as well, especially with multiple concurrent queries.
> 
> To help alleviate these limitations, [`duckdb`](./duckdb.md) and [`sqlite`](./sqlite.md) have the option to spill the data onto the local disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accelerating a dataset using `mode: memory` (the default), some or all of the dataset is loaded into memory. Ensure sufficient memory is available, including overhead for queries and the runtime, especially with concurrent queries.

In-memory limitations can be mitigated by storing acceleration data on disk, which is supported by [`duckdb`](./duckdb.md) and [`sqlite`](./sqlite.md) accelerators by specifying `mode: file`.
```
